That's not what Cheng Ku meant.
It's not difficult to say that my body is really getting worse day by day.
In fact, this innate goodness is delicious.
As long as you take care of yourself for a period of time, your body will be back to normal.
But the problem is that the emperor is already in his twenties.
It will definitely be a little slower to prepare.
It would be better if we could come first, that woman,
Are healthy children not allowed to register?
The emperor means.
That's great. The meaning in the palace is that the mother and queen are all people.
Even if you are in good condition, I don’t believe that you are really only twenty years old now.
As long as the emperor trusts Cheng Ku, Cheng Ku will do his best to save the emperor.
You still know to come back
what do you mean
I haven't made sense to you yet. Where can I go if I don't come back?
Where are you going today? I'm telling you lies.
If you want to check with me
Just look for it openly
If you don't like me, I can go and stand when I come back.
Change the ugly man with you
The whole public statue
Open the window tomorrow